document runtime and shim configuration and selection (#9145)
containerd/containerd: docs/man/containerd-config.toml.5.md

    rdt_config_file = ""
```

### Multiple Runtimes

The following is an example partial configuraton with two runtimes:

```toml
[plugins]

  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"]

    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd]
      default_runtime_name = "runc"

      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes]
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
          privileged_without_host_devices = false
          runtime_engine = ""

>           runtime_root = ""

Author: Oh good. Removing.

>           runtime_root = ""

Author: Done

          runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
           BinaryName = "/usr/bin/runc"

        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.other]
          privileged_without_host_devices = false
          runtime_engine = ""
          runtime_root = ""
          runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

          [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.other.options]
            BinaryName = "/usr/bin/path-to-runtime"
```

The above creates two runtimes - `runc` and `other` - and sets the default runtime to `runc`.
The above are used _solely_ for runtimes invoked via CRI.

> Note that the `BinaryName` is the path to the _runtime_, and not the _shim_. The shim is provided

Author: Ah, that is quite important. Adding that in.

> Note that the `BinaryName` is the path to the _runtime_, and not the _shim_. The shim is provided

Author: Updated, please look.

    rdt_config_file = ""
```

### Multiple Runtimes

The following is an example partial configuraton with two runtimes:

```toml
[plugins]

  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"]

    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd]
      default_runtime_name = "runc"

      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes]
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
          privileged_without_host_devices = false
          runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
           BinaryName = "/usr/bin/runc"

        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.other]
          privileged_without_host_devices = false
          runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

          [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.other.options]
            BinaryName = "/usr/bin/path-to-runtime"
```

The above creates two runtimes - `runc` and `other` - and sets the default runtime to `runc`.

> The above are used _solely_ for runtimes invoked via CRI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above are used _solely_ for runtimes invoked via CRI. To use the non-default "other" runtime in this example, a pod spec will include the runtime handler named "other" to specify the desire to use the named runtime config.
```

Author: I added it, but I don't get it. I had thought the options for passing a runtime were either the path or the URI-like reference (which gets converted to a binary name). 

This would answer my question from the README. Can you link to an example of using it this way, i.e. a named runtime?

Reviewer: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/

    rdt_config_file = ""
```

### Multiple Runtimes

The following is an example partial configuraton with two runtimes:

```toml
[plugins]

  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"]

    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd]
      default_runtime_name = "runc"

      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes]
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
          privileged_without_host_devices = false
          runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
           BinaryName = "/usr/bin/runc"

        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.other]
          privileged_without_host_devices = false
          runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

          [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.other.options]
            BinaryName = "/usr/bin/path-to-runtime"
```

> The above creates two runtimes - `runc` and `other` - and sets the default runtime to `runc`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above creates two named runtime configurations - `runc` and `other` - and sets the default runtime to `runc`.
```

Author: Yeah, I like this, it is not creating _runtimes_, but rather named runtime _configurations_. Done.

The above are used _solely_ for runtimes invoked via CRI. To use the non-default "other" runtime in this example,
a spec will include the runtime handler named "other" to specify the desire to use the named runtime config.

It is important to note the naming convention. Runtimes are under `[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes]`,
with each runtime given a unique name, e.g. `[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]`.
In addition, each runtime can have shim-specific options under `[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.<runtime>.options]`,
for example, `[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]`.

> In the case of the runc v2 shim, i.e. `io.containerd.runc.v2`, you can set the name of the runtime engine
> using the option `BinaryName`. This is the path to the runtime _engine_, and not the _shim_. The shim is provided
> via the `runtime_type` field. In our above example, in both cases, the `runtime_type` is `io.containerd.runc.v2`,
> which will invoke `containerd-shim-runc-v2`, as described above. However, in the case of the
> `other` runtime, the shim will launch `/usr/bin/path-to-runtime` instead of `/usr/bin/runc`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `io.containerd.runc.v2` runtime is used to run OCI-compatible runtimes on Linux, such as runc.  In the example above, the `runtime_type` field specifies the shim to use (`io.containerd.runc.v2`) while the `BinaryName` field is a shim-specific option which specifies the path to the OCI runtime.

For the example configuration named "runc", the shim will launch `/usr/bin/runc` as the OCI runtime.  For the example configuration named "other", the shim will launch `/usr/bin/path-to-runtime` instead.
```

Author: Done
